Over this module, you learned a lot about indexedDB, how to access it,
we have a lot of utility methods which we can now conveniently use to do all these common operations
of adding, reading and deleting
and with that, you learned a lot about it.
Now as I mentioned, check out the documentation at the end of this module,
so in the lecture at the end of this module which allows you to learn more all about the different methods
you can use besides the ones I showed you here but the ones you see here are the ones which already
should get you to basically everything you need to do.
Now we already use this in our cache then network strategy,
however as I already outlined and I'll emphasize it here again because it is important, you
can use indexedDB in all the caching strategies,
you replace the application cache with it and you typically use it if you have JSON data,
so if you have content data. Content which is probably dynamic, which might change a lot and definitely
content which you might want to transform or which you want to store in the way you later use it as
we do here.
If you have typical assets like images, Javascript files, CSS files,
HTML files, you of course go with the cache API which is why we still use all the other strategies in
the other set up in our service worker too.
Now we have the full flexibility though, we have two different ways of storing data depending on which
type of data we have
and with that, we vastly improved our application,
now having powerful tools for different situations.